Announcer: PREVIOUSLY ON
DAWSON'S CREEK...
SEE, YOU HAVE
TO UNDERSTAND DAWSON.
IN THE MOVIES, THE HERO
ALWAYS PUNCHES OUT
THE BAD GUY.
HE WAS UPSET.
YEAH.
I'M SURE I WOULD BE TOO
IF I LET YOU SLIP
THROUGH MY FINGERS.
YOUR MOTHER AND I
HAVE DECIDED
TO SPEND
SOME TIME APART.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT MOM.
WITH THIS NEW MEDICATION,
SHE'S DOING
SO MUCH BETTER.
MOM PULLED A
SYBIL LAST WEEK.
LET'S AT LEAST BE HONEST.
YOU'RE SPECIAL.
NO, I'M NOT.
YOU JUST WANT ME TO BE.
COME HERE.
COME ON, JEN,
YOU'RE KILLING ME.
HANG ON. HANG ON.
THAT'S WHY THIS WORLD
IS IN SUCH A MESS.
ALL RIGHT.
DAWSON, YOU CAN
UNCLENCH. I'M DONE.
OK, SO.
WHAT--WHAT DO YOU
WANT ME TO SAY?
THE TRUTH.
OK, THE TRUTH TRUTH
OR "THE WHAT DAWSON
WANTS TO HEAR" TRUTH?
SO, IN OTHER WORDS,
YOU HATED IT.
NO. HEY, DAWSON, DAWSON,
NO, I DIDN'T HATE IT.
OK, I JUST THOUGHT
THAT IT WAS,
I DON'T KNOW,
FOR A LACK
OF A BETTER WORD,
UH, FLUFF.
FLUFF?
HOW CAN IT BE FLUFF, JEN?
MY HEART AND SOUL
WENT INTO THAT SCRIPT.
I'M--I'M JUST
SAYING THAT--
THAT, YOU KNOW,
YOUR HEART AND SOUL
DEPICTING THE LIVES
AND LOVES OF THESE TEENS
IN A SMALL TOWN
JUST SEEMS LIKE
IT COMES FROM A NAIVE
SORT OF POINT OF VIEW.
IT'S SUPPOSED
TO BE NAIVE, JEN.
IT'S ABOUT THE MAGIC--
THE AGE OF INNOCENCE,
YOU KNOW.
UH, SEXUAL AWAKENINGS,
THE MAGIC OF FIRST LOVE.
DAWSON, LOOK,
YOUR SCRIPT IS GOOD, OK.
IT'S--IT'S FUNNY
AND IT'S TIMELY
AND IT'S SMART
AND IT'S WELL WRITTEN.
IT'S--IT'S JUST LACKING
RELEVANCE FOR TODAY'S SOCIETY.
AND, I MEAN,
YOU GO OUT OF YOUR WAY
TO COMMENT ON TEEN LIFE
AND THEN YOU END UP
SAYING VERY LITTLE ABOUT IT.
OH.
OH, IF YOU MOVE THAT KNIFE
JUST A HAIR TO YOUR LEFT,
YOU MIGHT GET THE JUGULAR.
OK, COME HERE, COME HERE,
I AM NOT SENDING YOU
SPIRALING
INTO A DEPRESSION HERE.
ALL I'M SAYING IS THAT
IT'S JUST LACKING
A LITTLE OOMPH.
YOU KNOW, THE ANGER
AND THE EDGE AND THE--
JUST THAT RAW
DARK PAIN THAT COMES
WITH BEING YOUNG.
I AM RAW AND DARK.
HA HA.
WHAT?
OK, IN THEORY,
MAYBE.
IN THEORY MAYBE.
ALL I'M SAYING IS
THAT YOU JUST LACK
THE PROOF AND FACTS
TO BACK THAT UP.
PROOF AND FACT.
WHY DO I NEED TO PROVE
THAT I'M RAW AND DARK?
DO I NEED TO, LIKE,
TAKE A GUN TO SCHOOL?
NO, DAWSON.
KILL MY PARENTS?
WHAT EXACTLY?
NO, YOU JUST
NEED TO LOOSEN UP
A LITTLE BIT, OK?
I--
I MEAN, MOVE ON.
START WRITING
FROM THE GUT.
STOP RESPONDING
FROM SUCH AN ADULT
PERSPECTIVE.
AND HOW WOULD YOU
SUGGEST I DO THAT?
TEENAGE 101.
MAYBE IT'S TIME THAT
YOU START PRETENDING
LIKE YOU
REALLY ARE 15.
I THINK--I THINK
THAT I COULD
ACTUALLY SHOW YOU
HOW TO RECLAIM
THOSE MISSING YEARS.
COME ON, DAWSON,
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
JOEY, I WAS HOPING
I'D SEE YOU TODAY.
I MEAN, I SEE YOU
EVERY DAY, BUT YOU KNOW,
THIS IS DIFFERENT.
IT'S 7 A.M. CHEER DOWN.
OK, UM, WELL,
LET ME EXPLAIN.
SEE, LAST NIGHT, I HAD
A HARD TIME SLEEPING,
WHICH IS REALLY STRANGE
FOR ME 'CAUSE USUALLY
I'M OUT LIKE A LIGHT.
ANYWAY,
I WAS LAYING THERE,
AND ALL OF A SUDDEN,
I HAD THIS EPIPHANY,
AND THIS IS GOING
TO SOUND STRANGE,
BUT IT INVOLVED YOU.
IT'S KIND OF EARLY IN THE DAY
FOR EPIPHANIES, ANDIE,
BUT, WELL,
THANKS FOR SHARING.
LET ME EXPLAIN.
THIS IS IMPORTANT.
STUDENT COUNCIL
ELECTIONS ARE
AROUND THE CORNER.
I THOUGHT I COULD
MAKE LOTS OF
POSITIVE CHANGES
AS SOPHOMORE
CLASS PRESIDENT.
AND...
AND A REALLY GREAT
PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE
NEEDS A REALLY GREAT
RUNNING MATE.
AND THAT'S
WHERE YOU COME IN.
NO WAY.
FORGET ABOUT IT, ANDIE.
I DON'T DO
STUDENT GOVERNMENT.
NO, NO, NO, JOEY, LOOK.
I CHECKED YOUR G.P.A.
YOU ARE IN THE TOP 3%
OF THE CLASS.
YOU HAVE A RESPONSIBILITY
TO LET THE ACADEMICALLY
LESS FORTUNATE
BENEFIT FROM YOUR WISDOM.
MAYBE YOU HAVEN'T
HEARD, ANDIE,
BUT I'M NOT EXACTLY
MISS CONGENIALITY
OF CAPESIDE, OK?
AND ADDING MY NAME
TO YOUR TICKET
WOULD ONLY
ASSURE YOU A LOSS.
EVERYBODY HERE
KNOWS MY SORDID
FAMILY HISTORY.
ON THE HIGH SCHOOL
CHRONOLOGICAL CHART,
IT'S ANCIENT HISTORY.
AND YOUR AVERAGE TEENAGER
HAS AN ATTENTION SPAN
OF JUST UNDER 2 SECONDS.
YOU'VE GOT
A CLEAN SLATE, JOEY,
SO WILL YOU AT LEAST
THINK ABOUT IT?
LOOK, ANDIE,
I'M FLATTERED,
BUT I'D ONLY SCREW UP
YOUR CHANCES. TRUST ME.
I GOTTA GO.
HEY, YOU.
WHAT'S SHAKING, McPHEE?
HEY, MAN. CHRIS AND ABBY
ON ELECTION DAY.
WHEREVER YOU GO, PACEY,
THE SLACKER VOTE
INEVITABLY FOLLOWS.
AND ONCE AGAIN, ABBY,
YOUR NATURALLY
IRREPRESSIBLE CHARM
SHINES ITS WAY THROUGH.
MM-HMM.
FABULOUS. JAMES BOND
AND PUSSY GALORE
ARE GOING
TO RULE OUR CLASS.
NOT NECESSARILY.
WHO'S GONNA
BEAT THEM?
ME.
YEAH, RIGHT.
NO, I'M SERIOUS, PACEY.
WHAT SANE PERSON WOULD
WANT TO WASTE THEIR TIME
ON SCHOOL POLITICS
WHEN THEY COULD BE
SPENDING OODLES OF
QUALITY TIME WITH ME?
BECAUSE IT ALL FALLS
INTO MY MASTER PLAN.
SCHOOL POLITICS
LOOKS GREAT ON
COLLEGE APPLICATIONS.
WHO'S YOUR RUNNING MATE
GONNA BE?
STILL WORKING ON
THAT, BUT YOU'RE
GONNA BE
MY CAMPAIGN MANAGER.
I AM?
YES, BECAUSE
I WOULDN'T WANT US
TO MISS OUT ON OUR
OODLES OF QUALITY TIME.
DAWSON, WHAT'S UP?
OH, JUST LIVING
THE SAME OLD PAINLESS,
FLUFF-FILLED
IRRELEVANT EXISTENCE
IN A DULL, NO-EDGE
DARKLESSNESS.
OK, SO WHY DON'T WE DO
SOMETHING ABOUT THAT?
LIKE WHAT?
CUT CLASS.
WHAT?
DITCH, BAIL,
LEAVE THE PREMISES
WITHOUT PERMISSION.
SOMETHING THE NORMAL STUDENTS
DO AT RANDOM.
NOT EVEN IN THE REALM
OF POSSIBILITY.
WHY NOT?
WELL, FIRST OF ALL,
I DON'T BELIEVE
THAT CUTTING CLASS IS
THAT MISSING EXPERIENCE
THAT WILL UNLEASH
ALL THE ANSWERS
OF THE UNIVERSE TO ME.
AND SECONDLY, I HAVE
A QUIZ IN HISTORY.
OK, SO YOU CAN MAKE
THAT UP TOMORROW.
DAWSON, IN ORDER TO WRITE
ABOUT BEING A TEENAGER,
YOU ACTUALLY NEED
TO EXPERIENCE BEING ONE.
OK, NEXT WEEK.
I PROMISE.
LIFE IS COMPOSED OF MOMENTS,
JUST LIKE YOUR SCRIPT.
AND YOU HAVE TO TAKE THOSE
MOMENTS AS THEY COME.
IMPULSIVELY.
OK, THEN LET'S DO IT.
REALLY?
YEAH, LET'S CUT.
IMPULSE.
LET'S GO. COME ON.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU LEAD.
I'M SORRY, MITCH.
I JUST DIDN'T KNOW
WHO ELSE TO CALL.
IT'S FINISHED.
GO AHEAD. TURN IT ON.
TURN IT TO RINSE.
HA HA HA!
YOU THINK THIS IS
REAL FUNNY, DON'T YOU?
I THINK IT'S HILARIOUS.
I'M SURE YOU DO.
LOOK AT YOU.
YOU'RE DRENCHED.
YEAH, YEAH,
WELL, LOOK AT YOU.
YOU'RE NOT SO DRY
YOURSELF, ALL RIGHT, HUH?
RIGHT.
YEAH, BUT
LOOK AT YOU.
MITCH?
[CRASH]
[GASPING]
SO, DID YOU INHERIT
YOUR CLUMSY GENE
FROM YOUR MOTHER
OR YOUR FATHER?
I MEAN,
ANDIE'S NOT CLUMSY.
SHE'S A LITTLE HIGH STRUNG,
BUT SHE'S NOT CLUMSY.
OH.
ALL RIGHT,
BEST 2 OUT OF 3.
LOSER CLEANS
THE DEEP FRYER.
SERIOUSLY, I MEAN,
I TAKE AFTER MY MOM.
WHO DO YOU TAKE AFTER,
YOUR MOTHER OR YOUR FATHER?
I'M GUESSING IT'S YOUR MOM.
OK, ALL RIGHT, YOU WIN.
I'LL CLEAN THE DEEP FRYER.
BUT I'M A LITTLE FUZZY
ON THE PROCESS,
SO YOU MIGHT HAVE TO,
YOU KNOW, STAY LATE
AND, UH, HELP ME WITH
THE PROPER PROCEDURE.
HOW DO YOU DO THAT?
WHAT?
WELL, EVERY TIME I ASK
YOU A QUESTION ABOUT
SOMETHING PERSONAL,
YOU SOMEHOW MANAGE
TO CHANGE THE SUBJECT
AND NOT ANSWER.
ARE YOU SUGGESTING
THAT I PURPOSELY TANKED
THE COFFEE CREAMER TOWER?
JOEY, I'M INSULTED.
SERIOUSLY, JACK. I MEAN,
WE TALK ALL THE TIME,
BUT WHENEVER IT STARTS
TO GET A LITTLE DEEP,
YOU GET ALL
WEIRD AND VAGUE.
YOU KNOW, I HAVE ASKED
YOU 6 QUESTIONS TONIGHT
AND YOU HAVEN'T
ANSWERED ONE?
WELL, THAT'S BECAUSE
YOU HAVE TO ASK ME 7.
SEE, 7 IS THE MAGIC NUMBER.
THERE YOU GO AGAIN.
WHY DO YOU MAKE LIGHT
OUT OF EVERYTHING?
BECAUSE I'M ALOOF,
INTROVERTED, AND UNSOCIABLE.
SO THERE, I ANSWERED ONE.
Girl: EXCUSE ME?
COULD WE GET A COUPLE
OF MENUS OVER HERE, PLEASE?
UH, PREFERABLY A COUPLE
WITHOUT YESTERDAY'S SPECIAL
ROTTING ON THEM.
SO, WHY'D YOU BRING ME
TO THIS DIVE?
BECAUSE WE HAVE TO DISCUSS
STRATEGY IN PRIVATE
AND YOU CAN ALWAYS COUNT
ON THIS PLACE BEING DESERTED.
THE SERVICE HERE
IS EVEN WORSE THAN THE FOOD.
SO, YOU'RE CONTENT
ON LETTING THOSE TWO
REPRESENT YOUR CLASS?
THEY'RE NOT THE ONLY ONES
RUNNING, JACK.
OH, PLEASE, KENNY REILING?
THAT GUY HAS NO CHANCE.
WHERE'S YOUR SENSE
OF CIVIC DUTY?
I DON'T KNOW.
I GUESS I'VE JUST NEVER
REALLY BEEN THE TYPE
TO GET INVOLVED
IN SCHOOL ACTIVITIES.
WELL, I MEAN,
YOU WEREN'T REALLY
INTO ART UNTIL RECENTLY.
PEOPLE CHANGE.
YEAH, BUT,
STUDENT GOVERNMENT
IS A HUGE LEAP, JACK.
I MEAN, PUTTING
YOURSELF OUT THERE
FOR PUBLIC SCRUTINY.
YEAH, BUT YOU
SHOULD RUN, JOEY.
ANDIE NEEDS YOU.
YOU KNOW, SHE'S NEW.
IT'LL BE HARD
FOR HER TO GET VOTES,
BUT YOU--
YOU HAVE THIS AMAZING
GIRL NEXT DOOR QUALITY.
BESIDES,
THIS IS YOUR CHANCE
TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE,
FOR YOUR TALENTS
TO RISE TO THE OCCASION.
DON'T LIMIT YOURSELF, JOEY,
YOU'RE--YOU'RE A BORN LEADER.
MORE LIKE BORN LOSER.
YOU ACTUALLY THINK THAT
YOU'D HAVE ANY CHANCE
RUNNING AGAINST ME?
GET REAL.
YOU THROW THE TRASH OUT,
YOU DON'T VOTE IT IN.
ABBY, BACK OFF.
WHY, THE TRUTH HURTS?
WELL, IF YOU WANNA
EMBARRASS YOURSELF
AND YOUR ENTIRE FAMILY
EVEN FURTHER
THAN NATURE INTENDED,
BY ALL MEANS, THROW YOUR
AMAZING GIRL NEXT DOOR
QUALITY INTO THE RING.
HEY, WHAT'S ONE MORE
DISAPPOINTMENT
IN AN ALREADY MEAGER,
DEPRESSING EXISTENCE?
AAH!
YOU'RE DEAD.
TELL ANDIE I'M IN.
OH.
OK, I NEED YOU TO FINISH
PASSING OUT THESE FLYERS
AND GET THESE POSTERS UP.
I WANT THEM ALL OVER CAPESIDE,
NOT JUST THE HIGH SCHOOL.
YOU KNOW, IN A BOOK
I PICKED UP ON
THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN,
THEY SAID THIS THING'S
GONNA GET UGLY,
SO WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO
START PLAYING--
PACEY?
YEAH.
YOU'VE ACTUALLY BEEN
DOING SOME RESEARCH.
YEAH, YOU'VE BEEN A BAD,
BAD INFLUENCE ON ME.
OH, YOU KNOW,
I WANT THIS CAMPAIGN
TO TAKE A HIGH ROAD.
I STILL BELIEVE A CANDIDATE'S
VIRTUE AND INTEGRITY
IS NORMAL
AND TO BE EXPECTED,
NOT JUST SOME CHARACTER
PERK OR BONUS.
I MEAN, MY GOAL
IS TO MAKE GOVERNMENT
GOOD AND SAFE AGAIN.
MY GOD.
THE WAY THAT
THESE SOUND BITES
JUST FLOW
OUT OF YOUR MOUTH,
YOU COULD REALLY HAVE
A FUTURE IN THIS STUFF.
YOUR SINCERITY IS
SO APPEALINGLY SEXY.
AND YOUR SEXINESS IS
SO APPEALINGLY SINCERE.
YOU THINK I'M SEXY, HUH?
WHAT'S SO SEXY ABOUT ME?
HOW SMART YOU ARE.
AHEM.
DID YOU GET A GLIMPSE
OF CHRIS AND ABBY'S
SMEAR CAMPAIGN?
THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT
I WAS WORRIED ABOUT.
FINE. WE'LL JUST HIT
THEM BACK HARDER.
THERE'S A WHOLE
CHAPTER IN MY BOOK
ON MUDSLINGING.
NO, WE ARE NOT STOOPING
TO THEIR LOWS.
GOVERNMENT IS ABOUT
BALANCE AND ORDER.
WE CANNOT LET THEIR
PETTY WAYS USURP US.
THAT'S ANOTHER GOOD ONE.
I SHOULD BE WRITING
THIS DOWN.
DON'T YOU THINK WE SHOULD
AT LEAST FIGHT BACK?
AND LET CHRIS AND ABBY
AND THE ENTIRE SCHOOL KNOW
THAT WE RESPOND
IN AN EMOTIONAL,
KNEE-JERK FASHION?
IT'S NOT A GOOD SIGNAL
TO BE SENDING OUT
TO OUR VOTING CONSTITUENTS.
OK, FORGET FIGHTING,
BUT I THINK WE SHOULD
STAND UP FOR OURSELVES.
I MEAN--
LOOK, JOEY...
I KNOW THEY GOT TO YOU,
BUT LET'S NOT LET THEM
GET THE BEST OF US.
I MEAN,
THOSE WERE JUST WORDS.
THEY CARRY NO WEIGHT
WHATSOEVER.
NOW, LET'S JUST LOOK
AT OUR DEBATE ISSUES
AND FIGURE OUT
OUR GAME PLAN.
WINNING WILL BE
OUR BEST REVENGE.
SHE WON MY VOTE A FEW
BUMPER STICKERS AGO.
ALL RIGHT, DAWSON
I'VE DECIDED
TO TAKE MATTERS
INTO MY OWN HANDS
AND THAT WHAT YOU NEED
IS A REGRESSION SPONSOR.
A WHAT SPONSOR?
SOMEBODY WHO
CAN WALK YOU BACK
THROUGH THE STEPS
OF REGRESSING
INTO YOUR TEEN YEARS.
I'M VERY HUMORED
BY YOUR WHOLE INSIGHT
INTO MY PERSONAL BEING,
BUT I AM
A TEENAGER, OK?
I MEAN, I'VE GOT
NO DRIVER'S LICENSE
TO PROVE IT.
AND PLUS, AND REGARDLESS
OF ANY ADULT
SELF-PERCEPTION
I MIGHT POSSESS,
I STILL HAVE TO FACE
ALL THE TRAUMA
OF BEING MY AGE,
SO I WILL RESPECTFULLY
DECLINE YOUR OFFER.
OK, ALL RIGHT, RESISTANCE
IS EXPECTED. LISTEN.
DAWSON,
THE ENTIRE REASON THAT
I BROUGHT YOU TO THIS PLACE
IS BECAUSE I FIGURED
THAT WE WOULD JUST
START WITH SOMETHING SIMPLE.
DO YOU REMEMBER
WHEN YOU WERE 10
AND YOUR MOM WOULDN'T
GET YOU THAT CANDY BAR
THAT YOU REALLY,
REALLY WANTED?
DIDN'T YOU EVER
JUST SWIPE IT?
NO.
WHAT, YOU WANT ME
TO STEAL SOMETHING?
WE'RE NOT TALKING
GRAND THEFT AUTO HERE.
I'M JUST TALKING
A SNICKERS BAR.
COME ON, DAWSON,
EVERY KID DOES IT
AT LEAST ONCE.
PUT THIS
IN YOUR POCKET, DAWSON.
NO. NO WAY.
DAWSON, COME ON, THIS IS
YOUR SYMBOLIC CANDY BAR.
WHY IS MY
SYMBOLIC CANDY BAR
CRIMSON PASSION
LIPSTICK?
WELL, BECAUSE WE MAY
AS WELL BOTH BENEFIT
FROM YOUR LITTLE
FORAY INTO ADVENTURE.
BESIDES, LOOK,
THAT'S NOT THE POINT.
WHAT'S IMPORTANT IS
THAT YOU EXPERIENCE
THE RUSH OF WALKING OUT
WITH IT.
IT'S AN ILLEGAL RUSH
THAT I DON'T HAVE
ANY INTEREST IN, OK?
[SIGHS] DAWSON,
YOU'RE OVERANALYZING AGAIN.
JUST TAKE SAID OBJECT
AND PLACE IT IN YOUR POCKET.
DAWSON, YOU ACTUALLY DID IT.
OH, MY GOD!
I DIDN'T THINK
YOU WERE CAPABLE.
THAT MAKES 2 OF US.
GOD, DON'T YOU JUST
FEEL SO EXHILARATED?
YEAH, I'M ON THIS
AMAZING NATURAL HIGH.
ALL RIGHT, HAND IT OVER.
NO, I'M THE ONE WHO
RISKED INCARCERATION.
I GET TO KEEP IT.
WHAT?
OH, MY GOD.
YOU PUT IT BACK, DIDN'T YOU?
YOU PUT IT BACK, HUH?
LOOK, JEN,
I APPRECIATE WHAT
YOU'RE TRYING TO DO,
BUT I LIKE MY
PERSPECTIVE ON LIFE,
REGARDLESS OF
HOW MIDDLE-AGED
IT MIGHT BE.
OK, BUT HOW ARE YOU
GOING TO REACH YOUR AUDIENCE
WITH THAT PERSPECTIVE?
DAWSON, I'VE READ
YOUR SCRIPT, OK?
YOUR HYPER-AWARENESS
IS DISARMING.
YOU'VE GOT TO START
RESPONDING LIKE AN ADOLESCENT
AND STOP HIDING BEHIND
THAT PSYCHOLOGY DEGREE
THAT YOU DON'T HAVE.
WHAT IS WRONG WITH
BEING MATURE FOR MY AGE?
BECAUSE IT'S GONNA
TRAP YOU, DAWSON.
BECAUSE YOU'RE GONNA
WAKE UP ONE MORNING
AND YOU'RE GONNA REALIZE
THAT THE REASON
YOU'RE NOT GROWING
IS BECAUSE YOU NEVER
ALLOWED FOR THE PROCESS.
THERE'S A REASON
THAT WE GO FROM
INFANCY TO OLD AGE.
THINK ABOUT THAT.
STUDENTS WITH
A 3.5 OR BETTER G.P.A.
SHOULD HAVE ONLY HALF A DAY
OF CLASSES ON FRIDAY.
I BELIEVE MY RECORD OF
SUPPORT AND INVOLVEMENT
IN SCHOOL ACTIVITIES
FULLY QUALIFIES ME
FOR STUDENT OFFICE.
WE'RE QUALIFIED BECAUSE
WE'RE ONE OF YOU.
WE'LL RUN THE SCHOOL
LIKE YOU WANT.
UNLIKE OUR OPPONENTS,
WE HAVEN'T LOST SIGHT
OF THE ISSUES
TO CONCENTRATE
ON CHARACTER ATTACKS.
NEXT QUESTION.
"GIVEN THE TUMULTUOUS
NATURE OF TODAY'S
POLITICAL CLIMATE--"
LISTEN,
IT'S ABOUT TRUST.
LET'S TALK ISSUES.
WALKMANS IN STUDY HALL.
WALKMANS IN STUDY HALL
IS A GREAT IDEA.
I'M A MAN OF THE PEOPLE.
I'VE PROBABLY PARTIED
WITH EVERYONE HERE
AT LEAST ONCE.
[CROWD CHEERS]
THIS ALL COMES DOWN
TO ONE SIMPLE QUESTION.
WHO DO YOU WANT
TO RUN YOUR CLASS?
US, THE GEEKS,
OR LITTLE MISS PERKY
AND THE CONVICT'S
DAUGHTER?
THAT IS SO NOT
A RELEVANT ISSUE, ABBY.
YOU WOULD SAY THAT
CONSIDERING NO ONE HERE
KNOWS YOUR BACKGROUND.
JUST TO BRING EVERYBODY
UP TO SPEED ON AN ISSUE
THAT IS RELEVANT,
ANDIE McPHEE, YOUR
PROSPECTIVE PRESIDENT,
HAS A MOTHER
THAT'S ABOUT, HMM,
ONE SHOCK TREATMENT AWAY
FROM A PERMANENT RESIDENCE
IN THE LOONY BIN.
YOU KNOW, FOR ONCE, ABBY,
LET'S STICK TO THE ISSUES.
YOU KNOW,
ANDIE'S PERSONAL LIFE
HAS NO BEARING
ON HER ABILITY TO HANDLE
THE JOB AS SOPHOMORE
CLASS PRESIDENT.
OH, WHATEVER.
WE HAVE HARD EVIDENCE
THAT ANDIE'S MOTHER
WAS RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE DEATH OF
ANDIE'S OLDER BROTHER
IN A CAR CRASH
LESS THAN A YEAR AGO.
SO, THE FACT
OF THE MATTER IS
MOMMY McPHEE IS
A WHACKED OUT NUT.
AND WE ALL KNOW
THAT MENTAL ILLNESS
IS HEREDITARY.
SO, YOU DO THE MATH.
ABBY...
THAT'S QUITE ENOUGH.
HEY, I WAS JUST TRYING
TO ASCERTAIN THE TRUTH
FOR THE SAFETY
OF MY FELLOW STUDENTS.
ANDIE?
I--
Andie: UM--
HEY.
I CAN'T FIND ANDIE.
HAVE YOU SEEN HER?
SO, YOU HEARD ABOUT
THE ASSEMBLY?
YEAH.
LOOK, I FEEL
REALLY STUPID.
I MEAN, GRILLING YOU
ABOUT YOUR FAMILY,
PRESSURING YOU
FOR ANSWERS.
I'M REALLY SORRY, JACK.
JOEY, I'M LOOKING
FOR MY SISTER,
NOT YOUR SYMPATHY,
ALL RIGHT?
I HAVEN'T SEEN HER
SINCE THE DEBATE.
GREAT.
IS THERE ANYTHING
I CAN DO TO HELP?
MY FAMILY SITUATION
IS COMPLICATED,
ALL RIGHT?
IT'S NOT SOMETHING
I FEEL COMFORTABLE
TALKING ABOUT,
SO I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
NO, JACK, DON'T
PUSH ME AWAY, OK?
I WANT TO HELP.
I'VE BEEN THROUGH
SOMETHING LIKE THIS
WITH MY FAMILY,
AND I UNDERSTAND.
ALL RIGHT,
DON'T YOU GET IT?
I DIDN'T WANT TO TALK TO YOU
BEFORE AND I DON'T NOW.
GOD!
HA HA.
ANDIE...
YOU IN THERE?
ALL RIGHT. LISTEN,
I'M COMING IN THERE
AND JUST SO THERE IS
NO CONFUSION,
I AM A MAN, SO IF THERE
ARE ANY OBJECTIONS,
PLEASE SPEAK NOW.
ANDIE, I KNOW
YOU'RE IN HERE.
LISTEN, YOU KNOW,
THERE'S A WHOLE CHAPTER
IN MY BOOK
ON WHAT TO DO
WHEN SCANDAL BREAKS.
THIS IS NOT SUCH
A BIG DEAL.
I MEAN, YOU AND I,
WE CAN GET THROUGH THIS.
SO WHAT DO YOU SAY?
YOU AND ME, ANDIE.
DID YOU KNOW THAT
IT'S EXACTLY 60' 6"
FROM PITCHING MOUND
TO HOME PLATE?
ARE YOU OK, McPHEE?
TIM TAUGHT ME THAT.
HE TRIED TO TEACH ME
A CURVE BALL, TOO.
TURNS OUT,
I THROW LIKE A GIRL.
COME ON. LET'S GET YOU
OUT OF HERE, ANDIE.
OH, GOD, PACEY.
I DON'T KNOW, I MEAN,
EVERYBODY KNOWS ABOUT
MY MOM AND ABOUT TIM.
HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO GO
OUT THERE IN THE HALL?
I MEAN, EVERYBODY'S
GOING TO LOOK AT ME
AND THEY'RE ALL
GOING TO LAUGH.
NO ONE'S GOING
TO LAUGH AT YOU, ANDIE.
EVERYBODY COMES FROM
A DYSFUNCTIONAL FAMILY.
IT'S THE NINETIES.
THE ONLY HAPPY FAMILIES
ARE IN TV SYNDICATION.
BUT IT'S ALL RUINED.
I MEAN, POLITICS USED
TO MEAN SOMETHING.
NOW, WE'VE JUST BECOME
SUCH A LESSON SOCIETY.
ANDIE, THIS IS HIGH SCHOOL.
I MEAN, TRUST ME,
ME OF ALL PEOPLE.
THIS WILL ALL BLOW OVER.
TOMORROW, EVERYTHING
GOES BACK TO NORMAL.
NORMAL?
OH, GOD. THAT'S ALL
I EVER WANTED, YOU KNOW.
A NORMAL FAMILY
WITH A NORMAL LIFE,
BALANCE AND ORDER,
ORDER AND BALANCE.
BUT, YOU KNOW,
THAT JUST DOESN'T EXIST.
I MEAN, NOT ANYWHERE.
NOT HERE.
AND--AND IT NEVER WILL
BECAUSE, YOU KNOW,
IT WAS ALL JUST
THIS BIG FALSE HOPE.
DON'T YOU THINK YOU'RE BEING
A LITTLE HARD ON YOURSELF?
NORMAL NEVER EXISTED.
IT NEVER DID.
[SIGHS]
WOW, LOOK AT ME.
I'M A MESS.
I'M A TOTAL
AND COMPLETE MESS.
WHOO.
[SIGHS]
I HATE THIS.
I REALLY HATE THIS!
DAWSON.
HEY, DAD.
HEY, LOOK, CAN YOU BELIEVE
SOMEBODY THREW THIS OUT?
THE THING'S AN ANTIQUE.
THOUGHT MAYBE I'D
CLEAN IT UP A LITTLE.
SELL IT.
BROUGHT YOUR MAIL.
THANKS. YOU DIDN'T
HAVE TO DO THAT.
WELL, YOU KNOW,
THOUGHT I'D STOP BY,
SAY HI,
SEE WHAT WAS NEW.
IF ANYTHING.
MOM TOLD YOU, DIDN'T SHE?
SHE DIDN'T HAVE TO.
I SAW IT FOR MYSELF.
NOT THE MAIN ATTRACTION,
JUST THE PREVIEWS.
SO?
SO, UH--
IT'S COMPLICATED AND, UM...
ACTUALLY, I DON'T KNOW
EXACTLY HOW COMFORTABLE I AM
TALKING TO YOU ABOUT THIS.
NO PROBLEM. THAT'S--
THAT'S TOTALLY FINE.
I JUST WANT
TO LET YOU KNOW
THAT I'M OK WITH IT.
IT'S FINE IF YOU
WANT TO, YOU KNOW,
STAY OVER EVERY
ONCE IN AWHILE.
IT WON'T MESS
WITH MY HEAD,
IF YOU'RE WORRIED
ABOUT THAT.
I MEAN,
I KNOW THAT, HA HA,
RECONCILIATIONS
HAVE THEIR STRAINED
AND VARIED PATHS.
THERE IS NO RECONCILIATION,
DAWSON.
IT WAS A SLIP.
A SEX SLIP
AND A MISTAKE AND...
IT WON'T HAPPEN AGAIN.
NOW I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
WELL, WE--WE JUST--
WE FELL BACK INTO
WHAT WAS COMFORTABLE
AND--AND EASY AND USED IT
TO COVER OUR PROBLEMS.
MAYBE IT HELPED
YOUR PROBLEMS.
NO.
NO, IT WORSENED THEM.
BECAUSE I REALIZE
THAT IT'S INSANE
TO KEEP TAKING
THE SAME ACTION,
EXPECTING A DIFFERENT RESULT.
I MEAN, IT CHANGES NOTHING.
IT'S THE ACTION
THAT MUST CHANGE.
YOU WERE RIGHT. I DO HAVE
A PERCEPTION DISORDER.
WHAT BROUGHT THIS ON?
LET'S JUST SAY I'M GEARED
TO RESPOND TO LIFE
IN A CERTAIN WAY.
AND YOU SAY
THAT I DON'T RESPOND
LIKE A TYPICAL ADOLESCENT.
AND--AND YOU'RE RIGHT,
I DON'T.
BUT EMOTIONALLY, I DO.
I ALWAYS HAVE.
I'M--I'M VERY MUCH
MY AGE EMOTIONALLY,
MAYBE EVEN YOUNGER.
AND MY FEELINGS ARE IN
CONSTANT CONFLICT
WITH--WITH MY OVERACHIEVING
SELF-AWARE BRAIN AND I--
IT'S A CONSTANT BATTLE
AND THAT'S WHAT'S
DRIVING ME CRAZY.
I'M JUST--
AM I MAKING ANY SENSE?
COMPLETELY.
OK, THANK GOD.
SO, I KEEP ON WAITING
FOR MY FEELINGS TO CATCH UP
SO THAT MAYBE, YOU KNOW,
I CAN FINALLY GROW UP
AND I CAN FINALLY
GET OVER JOEY,
OR ACCEPT THAT MY PARENTS
MAY OR MAY NOT WORK THINGS OUT,
OR JUST--BUT I THINK
I HAVE IT BACKWARDS.
OK, IN ORDER TO CHANGE
THE FEELINGS,
I FIRST HAVE TO CHANGE
MY ACTIONS
BECAUSE THAT'S THE ONLY WAY
SOMEBODY CAN CHANGE
HOW THEY FEEL.
YOU ARE TOO SMART FOR
YOUR OWN GOOD, DAWSON.
RIGHT NOW, JEN,
I FEEL INCREDIBLY STUPID.
IS THERE--
IS THERE ANYTHING
I CAN DO TO HELP?
OR...I DON'T KNOW.
I THINK I NEED A SPONSOR.
I NEED TO GO OUT
AND ENGAGE IN SOME...
INCREDIBLY APPROPRIATE
TEENAGE BEHAVIOR.
WELL, SOUNDS
LIKE SOMETHING
RIGHT UP MY ALLEY.
DID YOU HAVE ANYTHING
SPECIFIC IN MIND?
UH, JUST SOMETHING,
YOU KNOW, NONSENSICAL,
COMPLETELY SPONTANEOUS,
THE GOOD, THE BAD, THE UGLY.
YOU ARE THE EXPERT.
I WILL FOLLOW YOUR LEAD.
WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT?
BY ALL MEANS, DAWSON,
LET THE REVELRY BEGIN.
I FINALLY
GOT MOM TO BED.
IT REALLY SCARES HER
TO SEE YOU SO UPSET.
LOOK, ANDIE,
THIS HASN'T BEEN AN
EASY YEAR FOR ANY OF US.
BUT WE ALL DO
WHAT WE HAVE TO
TO HOLD IT TOGETHER.
TO COPE.
YOUR HIGHS AND LOWS
ARE BECOMING REALLY
INTENSE LATELY.
I'M FINE, JACK.
NO, YOU'RE
NOT FINE, ANDIE.
I MEAN, ONE MINUTE
YOU'RE LAUGHING,
THE NEXT
YOU'RE IN TEARS.
PLEASE,
JUST LEAVE ME ALONE, OK?
I THINK MAYBE IT'S
TIME YOU WENT BACK
ON YOUR MEDICATION.
IT MIGHT MAKE THINGS
A LITTLE EASIER FOR YOU
AND FOR EVERYONE.
I SAID I'M ALL RIGHT, OK?
I JUST HAD A ROUGH DAY.
THAT'S ALL.
REALLY, I DON'T NEED
ANY MEDICATION.
I'M FINE.
[LAUGHING]
SLOW DOWN. SLOW DOWN.
I THINK WE'RE SAFE.
WE JUST TP'd
MR. MILO'S HOUSE.
I'VE ALWAYS WANTED
TO DO THAT.
AND NOW YOU HAVE.
SEE, AND VERY WELL,
I MIGHT ADD.
THANK YOU.
ASIDE FROM THE FACT
THAT YOU FORGOT
TO DROP THE EVIDENCE.
WHOO! ALL RIGHT, SO THAT'S
A REBELLIOUS 13, I WOULD SAY.
[CLEARS THROAT]
WHAT'S NEXT?
YOU READY FOR
SOMETHING REALLY BOLD?
I AM UP FOR ANYTHING.
ANYTHING?
AB--WELL, WHAT DID YOU
HAVE IN MIND?
DROP YOUR PANTS.
WHAT?
WELL, I JUST MEAN
THAT YOU CAN'T VERY WELL
GO SKINNY DIPPING
WITH YOUR CLOTHES ON.
SKINNY DIPPING?
YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
HOW COLD THE WATER IS?
OH, WELL, IF YOU'RE
TOO EMBARRASSED ABOUT--
I'M NOT EMBARRASSED.
I'M JUST--
YOU THINK I WON'T DO IT,
DON'T YOU?
NO.
WELL, I'M NOT
GOING IN ALONE.
DAWSON, I NEVER INTENDED
FOR YOU TO DO IT ALONE.
OH, MY GOD.
YOU'RE SERIOUS.
COMPLETELY.
I'VE--
MAYBE WE SHOULD
THINK ABOUT THIS.
WHAT IF SOMEBODY
WALKS--WALKS BY?
YOU KNOW,
I MEAN, THEN--
JEN, YOU'RE...
NAKED? HA HA.
AND ALL WET.
DAWSON, COME ON IN.
THE WATER'S GREAT.
HA HA HA.
DAWSON,
IS THAT A TREE BRANCH
OR ARE YOU JUST
HAPPY TO SEE ME?
INSPIRED.
NOW TURN AROUND.
ALL RIGHT, I AM.
OK, HERE I COME.
HA HA HA.
WHOO!
ALL RIGHT!
HA HA.
ONLY 2 DAYS AGO,
THIS WOULD HAVE BEEN
MY WORST NIGHTMARE.
OH, THANKS A LOT.
SWIMMING NAKED WITH ME
WOULD HAVE BEEN
YOUR WORST NIGHTMARE?
NO, YOU KNOW
WHAT I MEAN.
OK, OK, OK, DAWSON,
DAWSON, TRUCE, TRUCE.
LET ME ASK YOU
SOMETHING.
NIGHTMARES ASIDE,
HAVE YOU EVER
DREAMT ABOUT ME?
YEAH.
I MEAN, EVERYONE I KNOW,
YOU KNOW,
HAS CREPT INTO MY DREAMS
AT ONE POINT OR ANOTHER.
NO, NO, THAT'S NOT
WHAT I MEAN. I MEAN--
HAVE YOU EVER
WOKEN UP SWEATING?
YOUR BLANKET IN
A LITTLE PUP TENT?
YOU FIRST. HAVE YOU
DREAMT ABOUT ME THAT WAY?
POSSIBLY.
DAWSON.
WHAT?
CROSSING THE LINE.
CROSSING THE LINE?
YOU DON'T WANT--
I THOUGHT YOU
WANTED THIS, JEN.
YOU, I MEAN, YOU'VE HINTED.
I MEAN, IMPLIED, OFFERED.
I KNOW, DAWSON,
IT'S JUST--
I WAS JUST
TAKING YOUR ADVICE.
I MEAN, DON'T THINK, DO.
JUST SOMETHING COMPLETELY
SPONTANEOUS, YOU KNOW.
LOOK, I'M GLAD THAT
YOU'VE EMBRACED
THE PHILOSOPHY.
YOU KNOW,
IT'S JUST THAT
WE'RE FINALLY
FRIENDS NOW,
AND I DON'T WANT
TO MESS THAT UP.
I DON'T KNOW,
I THOUGHT I'D TAKE
YOUR LEAD ON THIS ONE,
HOPING THAT
DIFFERENT ACTIONS
MIGHT CREATE
DIFFERENT RESULTS.
SO THE DIFFERENT ACTION
IS TAKING NO ACTION?
NO. NO, THE DIFFERENT ACTION
IS BEING YOUR FRIEND.
THE WAY JOEY WAS MY FRIEND?
THERE'S LOTS OF WAYS
TO BE SOMEONE'S FRIEND,
DAWSON.
WE'LL JUST HAVE
TO FIGURE THAT OUT.
HA HA HA. HA HA HA.
I BROUGHT THE EASTERN
SECTION CHAMPIONSHIP
TO CAPESIDE,
NOW I'LL APPROACH
MY PRESIDENCY
WITH THE SAME DRIVE.
SO, LET'S FACE FACTS.
THERE'S ONLY
ONE TRUE CHOICE HERE.
I MEAN, PEOPLE,
DO YOU REALLY WANT
THOSE OTHER LOSERS
RUNNING YOUR SCHOOL?
I THINK WE CAN WALK OUT
RIGHT NOW.
I MEAN, THERE'S STILL
DIGNITY IN RESIGNING.
NO, I'M FINE.
I CAN DO THIS.
SO, GET OFF YOUR BUTTS
AND VOTE CHRIS AND ABBY.
YOU'LL ENJOY THE RIDE.
IT'S AS LOCKED UP
AS JOEY'S FATHER.
OH, SCHEDULE SAYS
THE CUCKOO BIRD
AND THE CONVICT'S
DAUGHTER ARE UP NEXT.
I CAN DO THIS.
READY?
I CAN'T DO THIS.
I'M SORRY. I JUST CAN'T.
GOSH, I HOPE IT WASN'T
SOMETHING I SAID.
I MEAN, IT WAS ALL
IN THE NAME OF GOOD
OLD FASHIONED POLITICS.
I'M OUT OF HERE.
I'M GOING TO GO
KISS SOME BABES.
IT'S BABIES,
YOU IDIOT.
MY WAY'S A LOT MORE FUN.
AHEM. HA HA.
YOU KNOW, ABBY,
WHAT'S THE DEAL HERE?
I MEAN,
WHY ARE YOU SLUMMING
AS VICE-PRESIDENT
FOR THIS GUY
WHEN YOU ARE SO
OBVIOUSLY THE BRAINS
BEHIND THIS CAMPAIGN?
OH, I'LL LET YOU IN ON
A LITTLE SECRET THERE, SPORT.
I'M JUST USING THAT WALKING
PENIS FOR HIS POPULARITY.
AND ULTIMATELY,
I'LL DESTROY HIM.
JUST LIKE I DESTROYED
YOUR LITTLE GIRLFRIEND.
IT'S JUST SO EASY.
AND VICTORY
IS SO MUCH SWEETER
WHEN YOU HAVE
TO WALK ON TOP OF
OTHER PEOPLE TO GET IT.
HA HA HA. I'M GOING
TO RULE THIS SCHOOL.
AND YOU AND ALL
THOSE OTHER HALF-WITS
ARE TOO STUPID
TO STOP ME.
YEAH, YOU'RE PROBABLY
RIGHT. I MEAN...
I'M SO STUPID
THAT I DIDN'T KNOW
WHEN I PRESSED THIS BUTTON
ON THIS LITTLE THING,
THAT YOUR ANNOYING,
NASAL WHINE
WAS BROADCAST OVER
THIS ENTIRE SCHOOL.
OH, NO, GOD,
WAIT A MINUTE.
NO, IT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I MEANT TO DO.
SORRY. MY BAD.
SCHOOL'S YOURS, PAL.
YES!
UH, BE CAREFUL, HONEY,
I JUST MOPPED THE FLOOR.
IT MIGHT STILL BE
A LITTLE DAMP.
OK.
OH, UM, IF YOU WANT A SNACK,
I MADE OATMEAL COOKIES
AND A CAKE.
ALL RIGHT.
OH, WILL YOU LOOK AT THIS?
THERE ARE DUST BUNNIES
THE SIZE OF SMALL CHILDREN
ON THIS WINDOW SILL.
MOM, WHAT ARE THESE?
UH, DIVORCE PAPERS.
YOUR FATHER HAD ME SERVED
THIS MORNING.
ARE YOU OK?
UH, YEAH.
I'LL BE ALL RIGHT, HONEY.
I'M MOVING ON.
[VACUUM HUMS]
CAN I WALK YOU HOME?
SURE.
JOEY, I OWE YOU
AN APOLOGY.
I MEAN, IT'S BEEN
A TOUGH COUPLE OF DAYS,
BUT I KNOW THAT'S NO EXCUSE
FOR ME ACTING LIKE AN ASS.
I WANTED TO BE THERE
FOR YOU, JACK,
BUT YOU KIND OF
SHUT ME OUT.
YEAH, WELL,
WHEN THINGS GET ROUGH,
I TEND TO GO
ON AUTO PILOT, YOU KNOW.
PROTECT THE FAMILY,
NOBODY ELSE MATTERS.
IT'S KIND OF,
LIKE, SECOND NATURE.
I UNDERSTAND.
IT'S JUST I WISH
YOU'D LET ME HELP YOU.
JOEY, I, UM...
I CAN'T ALLOW MYSELF
THE LUXURY OF OPENING UP.
I MEAN, WITH MY BROTHER GONE
AND MY FATHER
MISSING IN ACTION,
MY MOTHER AND MY SISTER,
THEY DEPEND ON ME, YOU KNOW,
TO BE THE ROCK.
AND I DON'T KNOW,
SOMETIMES I JUST--
I FEEL LIKE--
OH, GOD, I CAN'T
EVEN EXPLAIN IT.
IT'S LIKE MY WHOLE LIFE
IS ONE BIG SECRET.
YOU KNOW,
WHEN MY MOM WAS DYING,
I HAD THIS FRIEND
WHO WAS AMAZING.
AND, YOU KNOW,
A LOT OF TIMES,
I DIDN'T FEEL
LIKE TALKING.
AND SO,
WE WOULD JUST SIT.
YOU KNOW,
SOMETIMES FOR HOURS
AND NEVER SAY A WORD.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT,
IT HELPED. IT DID.
BECAUSE BEING
IN THE SAME PLACE,
I KNEW THAT EVERYTHING
WAS GOING TO BE OK.
AND TOWARDS THE END WHEN
THINGS GOT REALLY BAD,
HE WOULD JUST REACH OUT
AND HOLD MY HAND.
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
[RING]
HELLO?
HEY, PACEY.
YEAH, UM, I'M FEELING
A LOT BETTER NOW.
NO, UM...
TONIGHT?
UM, I DON'T THINK SO.
UM...
YEAH, IT'S NOT
A GOOD TIME.
YEAH, I'LL BE BACK TO MY OLD
SELF TOMORROW THOUGH.
I PROMISE.
OK. BYE.
[SIGHS]
DAWSON, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
UM--
MY PARENTS
ARE GETTING DIVORCED.
I GUESS I JUST NEEDED
TO TALK TO MY SPONSOR.
YOU KNOW, BECAUSE I'M
IN A BIT OF A QUANDARY.
ALL THIS PERCEPTION
AND PSYCHO BABBLE
HAS LEFT ME WITH
QUITE A DILEMMA.
NOW WHAT DO I DO
WITH THIS NEWS?
I KNEW IT WAS OVER.
YOU KNOW, ALL THE--
ALL THE SIGNS POINTED TO IT.
I GUESS I JUST
KEPT HOPING THAT...
THEY WOULDN'T GO THERE.
BUT NOW THEY HAVE.
SO, NOW, UM...
DO I HAVE A SELF-AWARE,
ADULT REACTION TO IT
OR SHOULD I ALLOW
MYSELF TO FEEL THE HURT
AND--AND--AND THE SHOCK
THAT A KID IN MY POSITION
WOULD FEEL?
YOU KNOW, I MEAN,
SHOULD I--
WHAT SHOULD WIN HERE,
MY--MY HEAD OR MY HEART?
MY EMOTIONS OR MY BRAIN?
WHAT WILL WIN OUT?
WHAT ALWAYS
WINS OUT, DAWSON?
DAWSON?
COME HERE.
COME HERE. COME HERE.
SHH.
THANKS FOR BEING HERE.
THANKS FOR LETTING ME.
IT'S OK. COME HERE.